add description of cache-manifest.js (#273)
layer0-docs/layer0-docs: guides/prefetching.md

Prefetch requests are given the lowest priority. This ensures that they do not block more critical requests like API calls, images, scripts, and navigation.

## The cache-manifest.js File

> This file is generated at runtime and is used by the `Prefetcher` class  from `@xdn/prefetch` to add routes to the [service worker](#section_service_worker). The routes ensure that custom cache keys and the `serviceWorkerSeconds` properties from the `cache()` settings in your router are propagated to the service worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file is generated at runtime and is used by the `Prefetcher` class  from `{{ PACKAGE_NAME }}/prefetch` to add routes to the [service worker](#section_service_worker). The routes ensure that custom cache keys and the `serviceWorkerSeconds` properties from the `cache()` settings in your router are propagated to the service worker.
```

> For more information on `Prefetcher`, `serviceWorkderSeconds`, and `cache()`, see [Class Prefetcher](https://docs.layer0.co/docs/api/prefetch/classes/_sw_prefetcher_.prefetcher.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on `Prefetcher`, `serviceWorkderSeconds`, and `cache()`, see [Class Prefetcher](/docs/api/prefetch/classes/_sw_prefetcher_.prefetcher.html).
```
